fish bites your earlier what all day
yeah how do you how do you make sure
that it is safe talk a little bit about
we major the eyes first we make sure the
ice is at least six or eight inches sick
and that it's nice hard clear ice like
this is and that there's no open water
as long as there's no open water it may
move a little bit like it did today and
pop and bang a little bit but it can't
go anywhere and then you take
precautions in you either drill holes
when you first enter the icer you go
where others have recently gone with
their tracks in the snow and usually
pretty safe x it's been a long two or
three cold spell and pretty about as
safe as it gets here
feel this what kind of Colby ad but it's
been windy and how long it's been cold
and particularly this the date it can be
cold at night but if it warms up during
the day it'll be racing freezing so
we've had a period where it's been below
freezing through the day for quite a few
weeks and that's what it takes to get
good ice
you
the same with the late
when the weather warms up and gets hot
outside we'll be out here fishing
through the very same spot we do both we
fish both soft and hard water and enjoy
all of it it's just just a nice activity
to get off the couch and get outside and
do something and not many opportunities
to do that infinitely in Hancock County
so this is one of the few